---
layout:     post
title:      "Why against 996"
subtitle:   "the reason for a fair job"
date:       2019-05-01
author:     "Garry fan"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2015.jpg"
tags:
    - English
    - origin
---

### Why against 996

"996" has become one of the most disputable topics recently, the sympathetic accusation of overtime, which from my personal view is supposed to represent a fair good trend that part of the working class have waken up to the intention against the "tranny of professions".

Opinions about the issue could be ascribed to following categories:

1. "996" means a decent job which would has paid relatively well, so to complain about the overtime is unreasonable and one should appreciate the opportunity that others have been desired but have not been given the chance to take.

2. All the enterprises're not easy to fight on the market and hard working is the fundamental merit one should persist to conquer the competitors.

3. "996" is definitely illegal, according to Labour Law, which should not be explicitly inflicted to employees.

I think a person with comon sense would effortlessly acknowledge that opinion 3 is absolutely right. Thus 8 hours a day is a mandatory condition expicitily announced by the law, there is no need to argue its authenticity.

Let's go over opinion 1 first. Maybe it seems reasonable to ask for employees to work overtime because of the better payment, but nonetheless it has no legal grounds. The payment is determined by the industrial circumstances and the human resources required by it. Follow the mind thread of those who support this opinion, the payment probably could be divided into two parts, the first one which represents the normal 8-hour income for this position and the other which reflects the overtime work needed. If the characteristic of the profession needs overtime, the terms of the payment of the overtime part, separated from the normal one, should be announced explicitly in the offer and a bilateral agreement is necessary.Any form of payment composition other than that would be considered inadequate, even illegal. The normal payment should be adjusted in proportion to the desire and the ability requirements of this job. This is the only right way of doing and it requires explicit, no hiding or implicit conditions which could cause dispute in the future. So here comes the question, what is the motivation of keeping the overtime payment implicit, and pretending that the overtime payment has been paid already in your income but just only that you're too ignorant to notice and appreciate it.To a great possibility there exists some unfair and unspeakable considerations which could only to the benefit of the employers, if any. 

Basically it's a waste of time to retort the 2nd opinion which betrays the ignorance and arrogance of the authors and those support it. But it’s worthwhile to emphasize that the root cause lies in the status of general awareness of individual rights. Too many text books, teachers and social propagandas have been advocating the sacrifice of individual to achieve the collective success.What a nonsense and malicious idea. But most of us have already been successfully cultivated into a human being, callous and indifferent to the abuses of power and the unfairness inflicted on himself. But the most pathetic of those is that most of us even incapable of knowing what individual rights are.

One more thing needs to be addressed here is that it's necessary to distinguish those who're really enthusiastic about the work and spontaneously work day and night to satisfy his personal aspiration of achievements; Even to this, is a totally compliance to the general rules of individual rights, because the overtime is his choice not enforced by anyone other than himself. 

