---
layout:     post
title:      "About Crash"
subtitle:   "New thoughts about an old movie"
date:       2019-04-28
author:     "Garry fan"
header-img: "img/post-bg-2015.jpg"
tags:
    - English
    - origin
---

### About Crash

《Crash》 is a movie.

I've watched it once, about a few years ago. Vaguely remembered it's a very touching one, of which the most impressive senario is that a police officer, in a car accident, risking his life to save a black woman who coincidently was insulted by him a couple of days ago.

After watching it for the second time, some new thoughts come up with it. One of those is about the young officer who was the partner of the man mentioned above.When he had witnessed his partner's unacceptable insult towards the black couple merely due to some unpleasant experience with his father's illness, the young man deicded to quit the partnership. A fair excuse, it seems, that unable to bear this racial and absurd behavior. But the colleagues of the young officer didn't put it this way, they've assumed an indignant air toward him since. And the indignation rised to its summit while the young man stopped his colleagues from aimming their guns at a black suspect who accidentally was the husband of the woman insulted by his ex-partner. Maybe the motivation comes from his guilt towards the black man, which no douht is totally reasonable.

With a  long term habit of reading US news, which includes some commentaries over the polices related incidents, I think now I've got some sense that why his colleagues've got so angry towards him. Police officer is a very dangerous occupation in the US. Maybe there is some unjust and absurd behavior when excercising authority, but among those police officers, there exists a common ground which is not supposed to be broken down or undermined by its own people, that they should cover each other up, have each other's back. So when you tell on your partner, it's definitely a breach of the rule;When you stand in your colleagues' way to shield someone who is posing a threat to their lives, you're unbearably breaking the rule.

As to some of our daily life's occurances, there is no absolute right or wrong.Implicit rules based on some long term experiences are the judge.The young officer is vigorous, sympathy, and has got deep rooted conscience. When come to relationship between people, there is a very subtle situation, that you can't judge their behavior and motivation from absolute principles of right or wrong. As to myself, something similar to him can be found.I always got angry, partly due to my quick temper, no doubt, when someone broke the "rule", it seems reasonable to me that I'm supposed to be assume a moral indignation with it and pose some just air towards the other on whom to give some pressure.Perhaps you're justified, but don't take it too quick, since you've not got a whole picture of it;even though there is no good reasons behind it, quarreling and angriness doesn't help much in solving the problem, which could probably take a reverse effect.It's obvious when put it as a bystander, but when got involved, it's another matter. Cultivation needs long time practice, it's neccessary to keep in mind that when dealing with people, especially those you care about, take it slow, take it cautious, say what you have to say, keep those emotional. Besides, you don't live their life, so you're not qualified to judge on them.

Judge not, lest ye be judged. 

